12.0.1 (#407)
MetaMask/smart-transactions-controller: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [12.0.1]
### Fixed
- Fix issue where this.ethQuery is sometimes unexpectedly undefined ([#405](https://github.com/MetaMask/smart-transactions-controller/pull/405))

> - Remove code that is no longer needed to ensure unique smart transactions ([#404](https://github.com/MetaMask/smart-transactions-controller/pull/404))

Reviewer: The code has been integrated in this PR https://github.com/MetaMask/smart-transactions-controller/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md?plain=1#L44 and we have in the CHANGELOG here https://github.com/MetaMask/smart-transactions-controller/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md?plain=1#L44

Don't you think it's good to mention back that we did remove it ?

> - Remove code that is no longer needed to ensure unique smart transactions ([#404](https://github.com/MetaMask/smart-transactions-controller/pull/404))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

### Removed
- Remove logic for ensuring uniqueness of smart transactions ([#404](https://github.com/MetaMask/smart-transactions-controller/pull/404))
  - This issue has been resolved in production.
```

> - Remove code that is no longer needed to ensure unique smart transactions ([#404](https://github.com/MetaMask/smart-transactions-controller/pull/404))

Reviewer 2: Ah looks like I was too late.😅 Please disregard.

> - Remove code that is no longer needed to ensure unique smart transactions ([#404](https://github.com/MetaMask/smart-transactions-controller/pull/404))

Reviewer: @MajorLift I can make this changelog update m in a separate PR or I will make a major release in few for the base controller upgrade and can add that change their. What are your thoughts ?

> - Remove code that is no longer needed to ensure unique smart transactions ([#404](https://github.com/MetaMask/smart-transactions-controller/pull/404))

Reviewer 2: Sounds good! Thanks for accommodating this. :)
